addition(STONEINTG-501): explain image extraction details (#121)
redhat-appstudio/book: book/integration-service.md

16. Repeat step 10
17. Repeat step 11-13

### Image extraction details

> Integration service is getting specific information about image being build by build-definition using [those functions](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/integration-service/blob/06a2947061c943ea9a28a1a39957737fcf8bdc92/tekton/utils.go#L100-L146). Each one of them corresponds with the [results](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/build-definitions/blob/5881b7381ec2efe226ddcfb6c19a8a9e71e68166/pipelines/template-build/template-build.yaml#L274-L281) that are being reported by build-definitions.

Reviewer: Maybe we can list the result names and what they represent? 
We can also have a blurb on how the Integration service uses those results - e.g. the `IMAGE_URL` and `IMAGE_DIGEST` are used to construct the component image reference, and `CHAINS-GIT_URL` and `CHAINS-GIT_COMMIT` are added to the source section of the component within the Snapshot.

Author: Agreed, will include results with their usage in IS.

16. Repeat step 10
17. Repeat step 11-13

### Image extraction details

> Integration service is getting specific information about image being build by build-definition using individual functions. Each one of them corresponds with the results that are being reported by build-definitions.

Reviewer: Maybe something along these lines would make it more clear:
```suggestion
Integration service is getting specific information about the image that's being built by the RHTAP build pipeline by parsing the expected Tekton results for the pipeline. All of them are required to be present in order to correctly construct a Snapshot.
```

<ins>Results are following:</ins>

>  - IMAGE_URL

Reviewer: Maybe we can have a short description for each result and then mention what each of them is used for - e.g. for this one we could say something like this:
```
Image repository where the built image was pushed. Used to construct the component image reference.
```
